---
layout: post
title: "My (technical) goals for 2018"
date: 2018-01-21
---

There's always a lot to do and learn and I wish that 2018 will be a good year of growth, personal and technical. Here are some goals that I want to complete this year.

## Learn about distributed systems.

Currently I have the opportunity to be working in the development of a distributed system. Is not an easy task and it's harder when most of the people in the team doesn't know about how to build such systems. I was reading [Caitie McCaffrey's resources to getting started on DistSys](https://caitiem.com/2017/09/07/getting-started-with-distributed-systems/) and I found them very interesting. It's an exciting topic to build something that can scale up and for sure this will be important in the industry in 2018.

## Attend a couple of conferences.

I want (need) to get out of my comfort zone, and that implies that I need to talk more with people. Conferences are good to learn about new stuff, but the best part is to have the chance to meet the people I admire. I can see the talks from the [last year RustConf](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cayNXrTVHMY&list=PLE7tQUdRKcyZkGfNhCO77BCxnTf0CpoGn) but I don't have the opportunity to talk with the people that was there.

I want to attend to the RustConf or another Rust conference.

## Rust (a lot) more!.

I Rust on my spare time and I've learned a little but is not enough and my progress is slow. I need to do it more frequently like any everyday language. Rust is a fantastic language and it will give a really good advantage to anyone interested on build systems in the future. Also, the lessons I learned from Rust can be applied to any other programming language.

It was good to help a little to Rust in 2017 with the [libz blitz initiative](https://internals.rust-lang.org/t/rust-libz-blitz/5184/1). I (somehow) helped driving with the evaluation of the [ThreadPool crate](https://internals.rust-lang.org/t/out-of-band-crate-evaluation-for-2017-07-06-threadpool/5495) and also I wrote [an example on the rust-cookbook](https://rust-lang-nursery.github.io/rust-cookbook/concurrency.html#ex-threadpool-walk). Is far to be impressive but I want to be more active.

## Keep blog updated

Keep writting here. There's a lot I can share but sometimes the lazyness wins. I don't have a defined cadence on which I would like to update this blog, but I want to be able to detect when I have something interesting to share with the world.
